I guess it's up this is meathead mchale
from gamecom here with the first PTR
patch 2.1 video and today i want to talk
about furious charge and rakers set and
i'm going to do a quick little demo and
then i'm actually to do another video
where I show you guys this in action
inside of a greater rift so first of all
let's just go over the changes briefly
there are some major major changes to
priya's charge first of all it moves
very very well now it moves around
obstacles it will move around waller it
will not go through waller but I can aim
like over here and it's going to go all
the way around so I'm just a morir but
it will actually cover the max distance
but it will go around obstacles very
very nice the maximum charge distance
has been increased to 60 yards from 35
which is huge that's most of the screen
so you can see that I covered most of
that 50 yards is probably out to here so
60 yards is basically from where you are
down to like roughly here so you can see
that I can actually cover you know my
entire screen can't really go past the
screen but that's okay I mean it's still
very very good distance basically get to
anything on the screen anyway the travel
speed has been increased the ending
animation has also been decreased and
apparently it also scales with your tax
beat so the higher attack speed the
quicker the end animation and it's
actually so fast now I was doing this on
stream the other night a lot of times
you will actually cast you know with
rakers you'll cast your fears charged
twice and you won't even realize that
you casted twice in such succession
because it moves so so fast now another
thing and no longer alternates between
main hand and off hand so that means
that you don't have to have a slow
weapon in your off hand anywhere you can
you know kind of have a stat stick if
we're going to focus on it for a main
ham dam or for you as your main damage
source so you want like a Devastator
ideally or what very very good son
keeper this isn't a very good but it's
not bad as your main hand 11.2 because I
assume that means that it's now a main
hand skill the damage got buffed
significantly guys
so furious charge if you're going to for
you know by default does 600 weapon
damage but if you're going for battering
ram it's a thousand fifty percent weapon
damage incredible absolutely incredible
damage if you have the rakers set you
want to make sure that you also change
or you also select the element type
because you get all the room effects but
you want to make sure you select the one
that you wanted to take the effect of so
in this case I'm going to be using a
fire build so I'm selecting battering
ram but I'm still going to get all these
effects and what I'm going to show you
guys here in a minute is basically if
you you can change rag mobs across the
entire screen and have them perma frozen
the entire time and do ridiculous damage
and this just gives Barb's crazy crazy
mobility so without further ado let's
pop into wigan hollow let's just just
check out a couple things here see if we
can round up some laps here so you can
see that they get part of frozen
basically see if we can see if we can
chain drag some mobs here this is very
very you can very very quickly get
across the screen the only thing you
have to you know this is a play stopping
and no raker set is going to be very
very strong but its skill dependence so
this is no longer one of those your
dependency things it's more the skill
dependency now once you have the in-game
set you know how well you aim your
furious charge will depend on whether or
not you know you activate the cooldown
because you have to hit a certain amount
of mobs to not sure to cool down like on
that one I hit one such rid of the
cooldowns so let me see if I can
actually drag a very nice chunk here for
you guys and we're just we're going to
charge all over the screen here in a
second
I didn't do too good of a job there but
you can see how you can just change arge
all over the place this is ridiculous
and you could just do this and you're
basically immune while you're charging
so now when you combine that with some
other attack like hammer the ancients or
your end or some combination of rend and
hammer the ancients you can get across
the screen very very quickly this is
absolutely awesome for greater rifts
because it lets you cover distances
quickly and as you'll see in greater
rifts a lot of times you do have to have
mobility that's something that is a big
thing and being able to actually cover
those distances very quickly is going to
let you progress to you know scolari
folks on GPS let you progress through
the high ranks so this guys is going to
be a ridiculous build now you know the
cavity with ptrs I don't know you know
how it's going to if this is going to
remain this is going to stay like it is
on live 12.1 hits but as it is right now
this is actually very very fun build
it's incredibly powerful I don't think
it's really overpowered because again
like single target on ripped Guardians
you know it doesn't really work because
you can't keep charging and we have one
target and does have its limitations you
know it's just like the most set that
got an update it has limitations which
is once you run low on targets you'll
trigger the cool down and we'll be able
to you can't just charge across the
screen if there's nothing there but when
you combine that with like chunks chain
and sprint marathon you know for 106
percent move speed and then you can
charge all over the screen guys Barb's
very very fast now very very fast and
you can also get away with a little bit
less toughness now because you're immune
while you travel and something else to
keep in mind is that furious charge
damage can now roll on shoulders so you
can see I have it here or you can roll
on chest and fortunately I can't rely on
line
it can also roll on two handed mighty
weapons so and those are the only three
places they can roll but now you can
actually increase that damage even
further and guys it's going to be
absolutely insane and I'm going to
making their video here shortly showing
you guys this in action in the great
rift so no I let me know in the comments
below thumbs up if you liked the video
sub if you haven't can all see you guys
soon